create table if not exists user(username varchar(50) primary key,name varchar(50),mailid varchar(100) NOT NULL, password varchar(100) NOT NULL,count int,UNIQUE(mailid));
create table if not exists undefined(questions varchar(300) unique, count int);
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS faq (questions VARCHAR(300) NOT NULL,answers VARCHAR(300) NOT NULL,count INT DEFAULT 0,FULLTEXT (questions));    
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS tickets (conversation TEXT NOT NULL,username VARCHAR(255),FOREIGN KEY (username) REFERENCES user(username));

INSERT INTO faq (questions, answers) VALUES
('What is your return policy?', 'You can return most items within 30 days of receiving your order. Please refer to our returns page for more details.'),
('How do I contact customer support?', 'You can reach customer support by emailing us at support@example.com or calling our hotline available on the contact page.'),
('What shipping options do you offer?', 'We offer standard, express, and next-day shipping options depending on your location.'),
('How do I track my order?', 'After placing an order, you will receive an email with tracking information. You can use the tracking number on our website to monitor the shipment.'),
('Can I change or cancel my order?', 'You can change or cancel your order within 24 hours of placement by contacting customer support.'),
('Do you offer international shipping?', 'Yes, we offer international shipping to select countries. Additional charges may apply depending on the destination.'),
('What payment methods do you accept?', 'We accept payments via credit card, PayPal, and bank transfers.'),
('How do I reset my account password?', 'To reset your password, click on the Forgot Password link on the login page and follow the instructions.'),
('How do I update my account information?', 'You can update your account information by logging into your profile and editing the necessary details.'),
('What should I do if I receive a defective product?', 'If you receive a defective product, please contact customer support immediately to arrange for a replacement or refund.'),
('Do you offer gift cards?', 'Yes, we offer digital gift cards in various denominations. You can purchase them on our website.'),
('Can I return a sale item?', 'Sale items are eligible for return unless stated otherwise in the product description.'),
('How long does it take to process a refund?', 'Refunds are typically processed within 5-7 business days after receiving the returned item.'),
('How do I create an account?', 'To create an account, click on the Sign Up button on the home page and fill in the required details.'),
('How can I subscribe to your newsletter?', 'You can subscribe to our newsletter by entering your email address in the subscription box at the bottom of our website.'),
('Can I change my shipping address after placing an order?', 'You can change your shipping address within 24 hours of placing an order by contacting customer support.'),
('How do I use a discount code?', 'To use a discount code, enter it at checkout in the promo code field. The discount will be applied to your total order amount.'),
('How can I leave a review on a product?', 'To leave a review, go to the product page and click on the Leave a Review button. You need to be logged in to leave a review.'),
('What is your privacy policy?', 'We are committed to protecting your privacy. You can read our full privacy policy on our website under the Privacy Policy section.'),
('How can I close my account?', 'If you wish to close your account, please contact customer support for assistance.'),
('What happens if my package is lost during shipping?', 'If your package is lost during shipping, please contact customer support. We will work with the courier to resolve the issue.'),
('Do you offer free returns?', 'Yes, we offer free returns on most products. Please check the return policy for specific items.'),
('How long will it take to receive my order?', 'Delivery times vary based on your location and selected shipping method. Standard shipping usually takes 5-7 business days.')
;

INSERT INTO faq (questions, answers) VALUES
('How do I unsubscribe from your newsletter?', 'You can unsubscribe from our newsletter by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.'),
('What should I do if I forget my username?', 'If you forget your username, you can recover it by clicking on the Forgot Username link on the login page and following the instructions.'),
('How do I apply for a job at your company?', 'To apply for a job, visit our Careers page and submit your application through the available job listings.'),
('Do you have a mobile app?', 'Yes, we have a mobile app available for download on both iOS and Android platforms.'),
('Can I save items in my cart for later?', 'Yes, items added to your cart will remain there for later purchase as long as you are logged into your account.'),
('Do you offer customer loyalty rewards?', 'Yes, we offer a loyalty program that allows you to earn points for every purchase. Points can be redeemed for discounts.'),
('What should I do if my payment fails?', 'If your payment fails, please try using a different payment method or contact your bank. You can also reach out to our support team for help.'),
('How can I find my order history?', 'You can view your order history by logging into your account and navigating to the Orders section.'),
('Can I combine multiple discount codes?', 'Typically, only one discount code can be applied per order. Please refer to the terms of the promotion for more details.'),
('What do I do if I have trouble logging in?', 'If you have trouble logging in, try resetting your password or contact customer support for assistance.')
;

INSERT INTO faq (questions, answers) VALUES
('Why do I always lose one sock in the laundry?', 'It’s one of life’s greatest mysteries. We suspect it’s a sock rebellion, but no one really knows.'),
('Can I have pizza delivered by drone?', 'Not yet, but we’re working on it! For now, a human will have to deliver your pizza.'),
('Why does my cat stare at me like it’s planning something?', 'Your cat is likely plotting world domination, but don’t worry, they’re easily distracted by laser pointers.'),
('If I eat dessert first, is it still dessert?', 'No, it becomes an appetizer, and we fully support your life choices.'),
('Can I return bad jokes I bought here?', 'We’re sorry, all bad jokes are final sale. You’re stuck with them, just like everyone else.'),
('Why do I always forget my password?', 'Your brain is trying to protect you from the internet. It’s doing you a favor!'),
('Is cereal a soup?', 'It depends. Is water wet? This debate might take a while to settle.'),
('Can I get a refund for 2020?', 'Unfortunately, all sales on years are final. We suggest upgrading to 2021 or beyond.'),
('Why do phones autocorrect to the wrong word?', 'Autocorrect is just trying to make you more interesting, one awkward text at a time.'),
('Do I really need sleep, or is it just a suggestion?', 'Sleep is technically recommended, but late-night binge-watching says otherwise.')
;
